# Meeting Notes - 16 Nov 2018

https://hackmd.io/mpaocsIZSbSBO_31iIbEdg#

## Attendees


* Chris Holdgraf
* Leah Wasser
* Max Joseph
* Jenny Palomino

## Agenda Items


* GRA spring 2019 hire!
    * identify a few packages that would be willing to be the first to work on this; get some package maintainers on board
    * collect some data on state of Python for scientists
    * draft of review process
* Inviting others to join (Matt Perry? GeoPandas - Joris or James or both)
    * having a more final version of the scope document would be helpful for this
    * have a meeting with rOpenSci and adopt their structure, so we can present this formally to interested parties
    * we can start with that and then reach out to people to find editors and package reviewers
        * We know rOpenSci has an onboarding process -- and we will need to identify editors
        * GRA Task: get him to work on the onboarding process as derive from Ropensci
* Everyone should review the relevant documentation from rOpenSci and then we should have a meeting with Karthik and Carl
    * Relevant docs from rOpenSci:
        * Repository that contains the package review etc. (see issues) https://github.com/ropensci/onboarding
        * Repository that contains the information on how to package libraries, review, edit, etc.: https://github.com/ropensci/dev_guide
    * Potentially ask them to serve on a advisory board
* Scoping out the code review for the spring that our gra will work on and what the paper will look like generally  (to ensure we collect the right data)
* Brainstorm funding opportunities
    * Kek 1 pager (I don’t have high hopes for it but it’s worth formalizing our ideas to use for other opportunities)
    * Sloan, more, mozilla, others??
    * Budget should include some funded leadership
        * rOpenSci has 3 funded developers and a position that organizes and mobilizes the community
        * sustainability needs to be in mind early on


## Next Steps

### Fall 2018 Tasks
- [ ] Meeting with Carl and Karthik - suggest if they'd like to be on our board -- Leah will email Carl and Karthik --
- [ ] Grab pyopenscience twitter ??

### Spring 2019 Tasks
- [ ] GRA -- could convert the R docs dev, testing, etc?? to jupyter books implementation
